Cultist Rituals:
    Ritual of Soot: Increases production by 25% + 4% per activation for 3 minutes, but permanently decreases production by 1%. (Unlocked with 15 cultist)
    Ritual of Purity: Resets the ritual of soot, and and permanently increases production by 10% if has 50 more soot activations. (Unlocked with 5 soot actiavtions)
    Ritual of Time: Grants 30 seconds worth of time, but grants a stacking 10% decrease in production for 90 seconds. (Unlocked with time)
    Ritual of Construction: Instantly grants 1 free cultist, but has a stacking 1% chance of failure per cultist already owned. (Available by default)
    Karmatic Ritual: Increases cultist permanently by 15 + 2 for each time activated. This persists through resets. (Unlocked after reseting)
    Blood Rush: Increases production by 50% for 66 seconds. (Available by default)
    
    Description, Stats, Rituals, Upgrades
Cultist Bonus Upgrades:
	Blood Debt: After activating a ritual, another one can be activated whether or not you have enough blood. This can reduce your blood into the negatives.
	Occult Summoning: Instantly grants 10 free cultists (their price increases accordingly).
	Blood Fast: Increases production by 10% when no bonuses are currently active.
	Occult Oversight: Increases value from clicking by (0.5 + sqrt(rituals_activated/10)/10)% of total production.
	
	Blood Festival: Increases maximum blood based on total blood spent. (3rd root(blood)/2 + 1).
	Nihilism: Increases the amount of blood generated each second based on how low your blood is. (Max 10%).
	

Gold Upgrades: Deeper Mines, 

	Gold Rush: After Spending gold game speed is increased by 50% for 15 seconds
	Golden Deeds: Every Gold bar mined from now on permanently increases the production of mines by %0.2. This persists through resets
	Coin Clipping: Decreases the time it takes to mine a gold bar by 10 seconds
	Gold Reserves: Instantly Grants 100 Bars
	
	Wild Spender: Increases production by 5% (Unlocked after spending gold 10 times).
	Forced levy: After spending gold two gold bars are refunded (Unlocked after spending gold 30 times).
	
	
Gambler - Can draw, discard and reshuffle/peek at deck
	Gains one draw every minute 5 charges:
	Gains one discard every 2 minutes 3 charges:
	Can Automatically reshuffle after the deck is half empty
	Can peek once every 10 minutes/ 2 charges

Ace of Spades - Increases production by 3% permanently, Two of Spades - Decreases production by for 3% permanently 
Ace of clubs - Grants 30 Seconds worth of time, Two of Clubs - Instantly removes 20 seconds worth of credits (Cannot reduce credits to the negatives).
Ace of Hearts - Increases production by 50% for 2 minutes, Two of hearts - decreases production by 33% for 1 minutes
Ace of Diamonds - Increases the active time of each bonus by 20 seconds. Two of diamonds - Instantly removes one current bonus chosen at random

Jack of Spades - Instantly grants 20 seconds worth credits 
Jack of Clubs - Instantly grants 2 gold bars

Gambler Upgrades: 
	
	Re-deal: Gives the option to shuffle the deck if half or more of the cards have been drawn.
	Marked Cards: Gives the option to peek at the next card once every 10 mins. Stores 2 Charges.
	Bowers: Adds the jack of spades/clubs to the deck.
	Increasing Luck: Doubles draw and discard charges
	
	Eye Spy: Increases number of peek charges by 1.
	Patience: Every further draw increases gamblers production by 1 + 1 for each previous draw since this upgrade was bought. This bonus persists through resets

Power Upgrades:

	Batteries: Increases the maximum power that can be stored by 50.
	Supercharge: Increases the effects of powered buildings by 10%.
	Gathering Storm: Increases production based on total power generated ((power * 10)^(1/4))
	Static Charge: Increases the rate of power generation by 0.5 per second.

	Tesla Coils:
Bank
	Investment - Spend 5 minutes worth of production to receive 7 minutes worth of production after 5 minutes.
	Buy Gold - Reduce production by 10% for 1 minute in exchange for 1 Gold bar (Birch Gold).
	Sell Gold - Increases production by 10% for 1 minute at the cost of 2 gold bars.
	
Bank Upgrades: 
	Hedge Funds - Increases the return on investment from 7 to 7.5 minutes worth of production.
	Economic Bubble - For 1 Minute after each investment production is increased by 10%.
	Charity Investment - Increases production of banks by 1% for each investment activated from now on. This persists through resets.
	Lucky Investment - Every Time an investment is there is a chance to get a free bank (Same formula as the cultist except worse short term better long term)
	
Research: Slowly grants research points that can be used to access research upgrades from a large tree set in a pannable window. Each research requires the previous research to be researched at least once, and can other requirements. Some researches can be researched multiple times.

Expanding Knowledge: Increases production of research centers by 0.5% for each research completed (Max: 1, Cost: 1).
	Efficient Cultists: Increases production and work rate of cultists by 1% (Max: 5, Cost: 1)
		Cultist's Storage: increases cultist's maximum blood by 10 (Max: 3, Cost 10)
		Accelerated Rituals: increases work rate of cultists by 1% (Max: 5, Cost: 3)
		
	Efficient Mines: Increases production and work rate of mines by 1% (Max: 5, Cost: 1)
		Gold Rebate: Each time gold is spent to refill a building currency, 1 gold bar is refunded. (Max: 2, Cost 10)
		Accelerated Mines: increases work rate of mines by 1% (Max: 5, Cost: 3)
		
	Efficient Gamblers: Increases production and work rate of gamblers by 1% (Max: 5, Cost: 1)
		Gambler's Storage: Increases the maximum amount of card draws available to gamblers by 1 (Max: 3, Cost: 10)
		Accelerated Gambling: increases work rate of gamblers by 1% (Max: 5, Cost: 3)
		
	Efficient Power: Increases production and work rate of power plants by 1% (Max: 5, Cost: 1)
		Power Storage: Increases maximum power by 30 (Max 3, Cost: 10)
		Accelerated Lightning: increases work rate of power by 1% (Max: 5, Cost: 3)
		
	Efficient Banks: Increases production and work rate of banks by 2% (Max: 25, Cost: 2)
		Accelerated Banking: increases work rate of banks by 1% (Max: 5, Cost: 3)
		
	Efficient Factories: Increases production and work rate of factories by 2% (Max: 10, Cost: 2)
		Factory Storage: Increases the duration of bonuses by 3% (Max: 3, Cost: 10)
		
	Timely Workers: Increases production by 5% while using extra seconds (Max: 1, Cost: 4)
		Trickle of Time: Once per minute grants one free second of time (Max: 3, Cost 6)
		Warp Speed: Increases maximum speed of extra seconds by 1 (Max: 1, Cost 10)
		
		
		
	Curiosity: Decreases the amount of time it takes to generate a research point by 1 second (Max: 10, Cost 2)		
	Observation Study: Decreases the amount of time it takes to generate a research point by 10 seconds each time a bonus is activated (Max: 1, Cost 15)		
	Epiphanic Stockpile: Will grant 10 Research points upon resetting (Max: 5, Cost 5)		
	
	
	Real-Estate Deal: Every time a building is bought grants one second worth of time (Max: 1, Cost: 15).
	
	Smart Clicks: Increases value of clicks by 1% of production (Max: 1, Cost: 10)
		
		
	
	Rush of Knowledge: Grants 60 seconds worth of time instantly (Max: 1, Cost 2)
		Alchemy: Grants 1 gold bar instantly (Max: Unlimited, Cost: 2)
		Leap of Knowledge: Grants 4 seconds worth of time instantly (Max: Unlimited, Cost: 1)
		Epiphanic Idea: Increase production by 10% for 2 minutes and 30 seconds (Max: Unlimited, Cost: 10)
	
Factory: A building whose production will not decrease even when temporary bonuses wear off.

Tier 2 Buildings:
	//Carpenter: Very Slowly unlocks new buildings that contain an idle subgame.
		//Sacrificial Shrine: Subgame based on having workers producing an death count granting upgrades
		//Corrupted Shrine:
		//Shrine of Reason:
	Bureaucratic Center: Allows the ability select multiple different policies with benefits; however the longer these policies are in place the greater a production reduction boost is.

	Acceleration Laboratory: Increases price, production, clicks, and speed over time
		Can Choose to accelerate either building prices, production, clicks or game speed, can switch twice per 10 minutes.
			Building Prices: Each time a building is bought the next building is reduced by a stacking 1% this stacks up to 15 times for 30 seconds
			Clicks: Each click increases the value of the next click by a stacking 0.1%. This stacks up to 150 times for 30 seconds
			Production: Each time an upgrade is bought production is increased by 3% this stacks up to 5 times
			
	Fluctuation Lab: 
	
	
	
Prices at:
10 - 619.2
25 - 9539.7
50 - 910043.9
75 - 86.81 Million
100 - 8.28 Billion
125 - 790.05 Billion

Global Bonuses:
	Blood Fast: Increases production by 10% when no bonuses are currently active.
	Gathering storm: increases production by power_generated^(1/4) ~ 8%-12%
	
	Gambling Bonus (1x%)
	Cultist Purity Bonus (5x%)

Reset Bonuses:
	Cultist Karma Ritual
	Mine Karma Upgrade
	Research Center Epiphanic Stockpile
	
Todo:
-Finish cryogenic upgrades (4?)
-Organize Upgrades for bought display
-Add Settings.
-Unbuyable upgrades are greyed out and price is red
-Add credit display in the bottom left when a building is open.
-Make icons by buildings stay extended when the building is open
-Fix ritual of soot tooltip.
-Redify Prices

-Check updating details when only tab is open and box is hidden

------
Habits
------
- Wake 6:30 A.M. / Bed 10:00 P.M. Everyday
- Keep room organized


-----
Major
-----
- Finish Galactic Grind 2.0
- College Classes

----------------
Important Chunks
----------------
-F

==
- Email Vlad
==

-------
Classes
-------
CS 2311 - Discrete Structures
CS 2321 - Data Structures
MA 2160 - Calculus II
MA 2330 - Intro to Linear Algebra
